yeah
good size swarm they go
Jesus look at them all they're
still coming out of the entrance
breathing
it's honey season in the
mountains of North Carolina
homesteaders Tony and Amelia are
banking on a major harvest this
year
I can really smell the honey
yeah i know it smells like honey
everywhere right now I want them
to start looking for a new home
before we catch him
whoa that if you look up towards
the sun PM bee swarm when they
are ready to propagate
themselves so they will take
their population of let's say
10,000 and half of them will
leave with a new queen
I wonder if the Queen's out yet
i'm watching for they go out
find a new location to live in
and they build themselves a new
house in hopes that the next
year they could have a swarm and
do the same thing
I think she's gonna land right
in that tree yeah that's the
spot
she must be up in there
somewhere and they go they're
zeroing in on it
that's almost landed it's a
good-sized one
so once we see them swarming the
plan of action is to get an
empty hi box
there's this high get up into
the tree where they swarmed into
and not the swarm into the new
hive
every minute is a minute that
the scouts are looking for a
place to move to
so the clock's ticking once they
leave their mother colony
oh oh oh my god
you have two storms happening at
the same time in the same tree
swarms injury i've actually
never seen this before
twice the bees twice the risk
yeah let's get let's get this
one first
yes
the to swarm the right up
against each other so this is a
little sketchy
we go one big risk is that we
shake one branch and shakes the
other branch and the other swarm
falls off and lands on one of us
can we go to your left just a
little bit something goes wrong
like they fall on your head or
they fall on your body or they
fall anywhere and just get
really upset
that's like thousands of bees
all singing you at once
going in very
when you shake the one really
hard shake it and that helps to
ensure that the Queen comes off
she's a minute